1. Christina Cannon in response to (name unknown – original post card was of the Company Gardens in summer): This is an image of Columbus park also known as Five Points park. It sits in the heart of one of the oldest residential areas in downtown Manhattan and was the very place where many of the first immigrants settled. Acclaimed author Charles Dickens came to visit the park in 1842 and described it as “reeking everywhere with dirt and filth. All that is loathsome, drooping and decayed is here.” This park was once known as “murderers’ alley” and “the den of thieves” due to the enormous amount of gang violence that took place here. Living conditions were unimaginably unhealthy and unsafe but these people had nowhere else to go. They were trying to start a new and better life in a new land. Now, many years later, it is a place where children come to play and have fun. They have no idea that the very grounds they are stepping on have so much forgotten history. 2. Danielle Napolitano in response to (name unknown – original post card of large blue house with Ferris wheel in background): My photo seems like a simple movie theater: an empty street with no line of people waiting for a movie. But recently the theater was busy with many helpful people from this community (Flushing, Queens). This seemingly run down place is an independently run cinema that had been in business since 1927. In more recent years the theater struggled to keep newer, popular movies showing and struggled to keep people coming to see the older movies. As the theater was coming to its final days, they were able to play an extremely popular new movie (American Sniper) and urged the community to come and support them. With the money raised, the theater is able to stay open and I feel like it sums up how a community can come together and save something with so much history. 3. Danielle Prescott in response to Crase: This is a picture of Stuyvesant Town in New York City. When I had this beautiful sight in front of me, I forgot the chaos of New York City. These are the moments of New York City that you take for granted because every day there’s a new issue in the news about the city. I feel that this picture captures a moment that makes New Yorkers proud to be from here. On this very day my best friend and I walked this whole strip and just talked about everything in life: the good and the bad. We as New Yorkers usually don’t take advantage of moments like this, and don't see the beauty in New York City anymore because of economic, financial, and social issues we face every day. But someway this picture captures a bit of hope for NYC.4. Jendri Morocho in response to Omphile Molusi: I am writing this as thanks for sending me a picture of the location where a shopping complex used to stand. I think that it is really sad that nothing has changed in 20 years. Your message was well written and it shows how the people claim that things will change but eventually they do not do anything. It is also amazing how the empty lot is known to everyone as a symbol for how much has remained the same and that people who say that they will bring forth change are probably lying. With this message I attached an image of the New York State Pavilion located in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens. The building in the picture is dirty, rusty, and empty. No one is allowed to go inside because the gates are closed. It used to be open about 50 years ago. People used to know what this building was but now only very few people who lived during that time know. In 1964 thousands of people used to come into the building to look at the beautifully carved out map of New York on the floor and the colorful roof that it used to have. Now it just stands there and is slowly falling apart. It would be great if they could open it because it used to be a great building.5. Jessica McAllister in response to Yusrah: This photograph is of my sister feeding a baby goat in upstate New York, Catskills Mountains. My grandfather from Ireland loves to vacation in the Catskills because it reminds him of home with all the farm animals and beautiful mountain scenery. Even though my grandfather is not pictured in the photograph he is telling my younger sister and I about all the farm animals he had on his land and how he would get up early and milk the cows. It's a very special place for an Irish immigrant like himself to visit because it reminds him of all the memories from home. It also gives my sister and me good insight into what his childhood in Ireland was like.6. Kevin Osorio in response to Yusrah Bardien: New York is commonly seen as a glorified city of prosperity and wealth; rarely is it seen as otherwise. Where this agreement ends, however, is on the state of living found amongst the poor. The poor face a large amount of fines, fees, and charges that aren't present for the wealth. These inconveniences keep the poor in an endless cycle in which the system keeps the poor, poor. As Terry Pratchett writes in his play, Men at Arms, "The reason that the rich were so rich...was because they managed to spend less money." He goes on to describe an example, which can apply to many situations, on buying a pair of boots. A wealthy man can buy a decent pair of boots that can last him around a year or two for about $50 while a poor man could only buy a pair of boots that would last him around two seasons for $10. Eventually the poor man would be spending more than the wealthy man a shoes alone. In this picture you see a group of poor people, maybe homeless, as seen all around New York. These people are trying to make ends meet by recycling bottles for as little as five cents: New York has a high cost of living.  Those homeless or poor can only vicariously live through the people they see around them.7. LiHui Wongsha in response to (name unknown/no description given): This is a beautiful landscape on a snowy day that I took when I was going home. At the moment I felt the weather and the environment around me was so pleasing. However, I slipped the day after because the street was so terrible to walk on. Also my class was canceled too. 8. Michael Aguilar in response to (name unknown – original post card was of a man on the street selling trinkets): New York is usually viewed as a glorious place. The lights, food, and people portrayed as an amazing thing. But what is never seen are the people in need, people who had much and then had little. They are common here, usually at train stations asleep or on the sidewalk begging for money. This is my New York.9. Michelle Amiel in response to Chase Downes: The man in the picture risks his life each and every day for strangers in his community. Some days are better than others. But what about the person who took the photograph? How does she feel? The person who took this picture watches that firefighter leave to put out fires on a daily basis. The person who took this photo is scared more than anything that this is the last time she will see that firefighter.10. Miriam Traube in response to Genna Gardini: This image is a home in Upstate, New York. It was built in 1991 by an extraordinarily wealthy, but mentally ill man. He owned multiple homes, and this was just a temporary one that served as his residence while he built a 20,000 square-foot mega-mansion a few blocks away. The home was built in 6 weeks from early morning until late at night. Neighbors could not receive their mail, as many trucks obstructed the street. The project was so rushed that many things in the house remained unfinished. The man, his wife, and their five children lived here for only several weeks after it was built. They abandoned the house and the mega-mansion project because the man decided to move out of the country. He died several months later under mysterious circumstances, having never completed the mega-mansion. A few years after the house was vacated, a new family moved into the home. That family was my family. This house has been my home for my entire life. My family moved in when I was just 11 days old. All my childhood memories are in this house.11. Mohamed Hassim in response to Jon Keevy:Our Ice Box (A Haiku)White snow covered trees This trail leads to challenges For ice is no friend.12. Redwon Hassim in response to Francis Chouler: The name of this place is Hunters Point Park in Long Island City, Queens, New York. This picture was taken from the west corner of the park. There is a small green field right in front of the park. From this place you can see the East river and east side of Manhattan. This place was close to where I used to live. It took about 10 minutes to walk here from my house. During the summer the park is full of people. From here you can see the high rises in midtown and downtown Manhattan. It looks awesome at both daytime and nighttime. In this picture you can see the Empire State building, United Nations building. You can also see the new World Trade Center from the other side of the park. During summer kids play in the field in front of the river. There are some beautiful high rises in front of this park, which are very expensive. Three to four years ago this area was not like that. There weren’t very good facilities here, but now this has become one of the most beautiful sites in Queens. 13. Sanam Asadi in response to Nobantu: (A sits down at a table by the window in the school library. B approaches A. They speak.)B: So when did you transfer to Queens College? Isn’t that an annoying commute?A: I moved from the city… I actually live a few blocks away from here.B: Why would you leave Midtown?! There is so much more going on thereA: Between the crazy rent and NYU tuition it just got too hard to afford… Now I’m just left with the view.B: I know what you mean. It has been tough on a few of my friends as well… One of them is trying to fight the eviction now.A: There is probably a million books in here about tragedies way worse than being evicted.B:  So… how do you like your new place?A: Not bad… I have some crazy upstairs neighbor that sings “Vamos a la playa” until 2 am.B: I don’t think I know that song…A: You know…	(Song plays.)B: Ohhh… You don’t speak Spanish do you?A: Not even close.B: Well, you can count on hearing a lot of languages you don’t understand here.A: I feel like I need an interpreter to live in my building.B: Well it was nice running into you…Gotta run to class now…See you later.14. Saurabh Kaura in response to Kelly Eve: This picture is from New York, but not from Manhattan or from any busy location of New York City. Nice weather, open sky, less traffic is badly missed by those who live in New York. This picture is taken on the way to the Finger Lakes, a tourism spot in New York. When I visited there I was so amazed to be part of that place, even for a short while. We all imagine New York as big, tall, sky touching buildings, roads full of cars, traffic, and people walking on the roads in hundreds of numbers. The reason I chose this picture for my friends in South Africa is to show them something different, which is mostly missed in the movies, online pictures, and by big numbers of tourists. Hope you guys enjoy this picture over there.  15. Serila Saimon in response to (name unknown – original post card about how times have changed, though are not as happy as they seem): Growing up in the 21st century might seem to have its advantages. But I know I miss one thing about growing up in the old ages. When you hit the age of 18, you are given this right to attend college. College seems to be this amazing monument of success, where you can have all this fun, and amount to whatever it is that you please. However, what sometimes people regret to inform you about is the struggle people face with financial aid most often. Financially paying for college is truly an extremely expensive task. Many people end up dropping out of it for that similar reason. Growing up my parents would scare me about getting good grades and making sure I got a scholarship to attend school. To make sure that I didn't have to pay for school out of pocket. It was rough, I tried my hardest. When they were in college in the 70's everything was so different. They didn't have to worry about the twenty thousand dollar tuition. I remember my dad telling me how he paid maybe a thousand dollars for the entire year. Books and materials maybe cost around a hundred dollars. Everything was easy, convenient and affordable. Everyone comes to America for the American Dream, but sometimes it’s super hard to achieve, when people can’t even pay for the proper tuition to pursue those goals. Looking around we see all these amazing buildings, and new technology and structures. But sometimes I stop and wonder, if it is all worth the amount we pay. With the amount of money the government wastes yearly, I truly feel like they need to implement new tactics, to allow students to attend college at a cheaper and affordable rate. They need to be able to learn, and be passionate every day, without focusing on the troubles of paying their next payment plan. New buildings are nice for the newspaper articles, but are they really helpful if the seats inside are not filled with passion and success. 16. Stacey Chang in response to Mark: Thank you, Mark, for sharing these captivating photographs as well as your experience. Even before reading your letter, your photographs have already spoken a thousand words. Although I've never experienced such a thing, racial discrimination is still a huge issue in New York City. The person with the shocked face in the photo is my mother; she and I ride on the same bus in the morning as early as 6:30AM. The bus can get crowded sometimes which causes many of the passengers to become irritated.  Regardless of my mother being there, I was racially harassed by another passenger because I tried to get on the crowded bus. The man was standing at the bus stop, saying loudly enough for everyone to hear: "These Chinese people are always rushing, they have no manners.” He was quick to judge me without knowing my situation. I already missed two buses before he arrived at the bus stop and I was running late to class. Without saying anything, the bus doors closed and drove away. While on the bus, I could feel my anger building up but then I thought that if I acted with the same resentment it wouldn't change a thing. Times have changed and I won't let stereotypes get in my way. I'm thinking positive and trying to change within myself.17. Victor Singh in response to (name unknown – original post card was of a beach scene): When I see this picture, I think of history. While people and society are ever changing, places like these shores do not change. We are able to share and enjoy places that have seen people looking for different opportunities such as the immigration process at Ellis Island.18. Tyler Rivenbark in response to Jayne Batzofin: Walking home after drinks with a friend in Greenpoint, Brooklyn I spotted this truck parked by a gas station. Between Greenpoint and Sunnyside, Queens (where I live) the area is pretty desolate. Both neighborhoods are beautiful and vibrant, but Greenpoint Avenue that connects them is lined with old warehouses and trash. On this particular night, cold and tired, I happened upon this beautifully painted grasshopper on the side of a truck flanked by filthy snow. This brief glimpse of pop-up street art is what makes little pockets of New York City so beautiful. The city can be overbearing at times, so much concrete, noise, trash and cold, but then out of nowhere you see a giant grasshopper and you’re grateful to be walking home late one frigid night.